a local pastor says the county wants to
him to get a permit to host his weekly
Bible study
Joe little is live in vinita with why it
may not be the neighbors who actually
have a problem with the weekly Bible
studies Joe how Pastor David Jones has
been hosting that weekly Bible study in
his Bonita home here behind me for the
past five years about 15 people attend
those meetings every week last month
someone complained about the spillover
parking they usually park on his
property the parking spilled over into
the cul-de-sac behind the camera well
this month Jones is fighting back this
is pastor Jones's house every Tuesday
night about 15 people drive here to eat
dinner and study the Bible last month
the County inspector came out after
someone complained about all the cars
parked here the inspectors spoke with
Jones's wife and asked her about the
Bible studies she said did you say Amen
and my wife said well yes and she do you
say praise the Lord and she said what
yes but what does that have to do with
it and that was the issue Jones and his
attorneys met with County officials to
discuss the issue today nothing was
resolved a county spokeswoman told me
the county doesn't care what Jones does
on the inside of his house it's how it
impacts the neighborhood specifically on
the street Jones says his neighbors
don't have a problem with his meetings
we have a great relationship I have
talked with them in the last 24 hours
and there is absolutely no problem with
our neighbors 10 News spoke with Jones's
next-door neighbor no it hasn't created
any problems at all in fact sometimes we
have meetings as well apparently a
visitor to one of his neighbor's did
have a problem Jones says the visitor
claimed a bible study member hit his car
while leaving he had told me he called
the police called three different
departments talked to them he also
talked to you about enforcement the
County says if cars are regularly
impacting this street than it is a
violation in today's meeting however
Jones's attorney Dean Broyles of the
Western Center for Law and Policy said
the county also said Jones may need to
get a costly permit because his bible
study is considered a religious
gathering if you did a survey of
churches across San Diego County you'd
probably find hundreds if not thousands
of home fellowship bible study
boyles also said the permits churches
have to get to cost tens of thousands of
dollars now the two sides have another
meeting scheduled for jun 9th Jones says
he will take legal action if he is fine
for any future Bible studies reporting
live from Benina Joe little 10 News